I didn't expect this leaf yang
How incredible
I would rather give up the life of fine clothes and jade food
I will bet my life with you
What can be done?
This leaf Yang is fine if it doesn't die
If he really died here
The Ye family will take revenge no matter what
Yuba leaf home
China, even the whole of southern Xinjiang, can't take a car
Or or
Rest assured that everything is under the control of the Holy Lord
I will pay you back
keep back
What back hand?
Bet he Ye Yang dare not go to the guillotine?
He Ye Yang will definitely go to the guillotine
Even if he doesn't go
I'll let him go too
Otherwise, my night huan's ash is fine
If the top can't be trusted
How can I send him out of this third layer?
Don't gamble with him for a while, okay?
I have forgiven you.
And I have promised to marry you
I don't want these three kinds of brothers, okay?
Beauty
This is my promise to you.
My promise of a night marriage is bound to be fulfilled
But he really went to the shield altar
What should he do?
I hate my Imperial Capital Leaf Yang so much
Come to gamble
Go ahead.